README.md, before:

# ARK Core

> Lead Maintainer: [Brian Faust](https://github.com/faustbrian)

## Security

If you discover a security vulnerability within this package, please send an e-mail to security@ark.io. All security vulnerabilities will be promptly addressed.

## Contributors

<!-- readme: contributors -start -->
<table>
<tr>
    <td align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/faustbrian">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22145591?v=4" width="100;" alt="faustbrian"/>
            <br />
            <sub><b>Brian Faust</b></sub>
        </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/sebastijankuzner">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/58827427?v=4" width="100;" alt="sebastijankuzner"/>
            <br />
            <sub><b>Sebastijan K.</b></sub>
        </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/marianogoldman">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/959563?v=4" width="100;" alt="marianogoldman"/>
            <br />
            <sub><b>Mariano Goldman</b></sub>
        </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/crnkovic">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6536260?v=4" width="100;" alt="crnkovic"/>
            <br />
            <sub><b>Josip Crnković</b></sub>
        </a>
    </td></tr>
</table>
<!-- readme: contributors -end -->

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © [ARK Ecosystem](https://ark.io)

Commit message:

Add as-is clause & disclaimer

README.md, after:

# Yeet Core

> **Warning**
> Highly experimental PoC version of the Core. Should not be used in any production environment.

## Contributors

<!-- readme: contributors -start -->
<table>
<tr>
    <td align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/faustbrian">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/22145591?v=4" width="100;" alt="faustbrian"/>
            <br />
            <sub><b>Brian Faust</b></sub>
        </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/sebastijankuzner">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/58827427?v=4" width="100;" alt="sebastijankuzner"/>
            <br />
            <sub><b>Sebastijan K.</b></sub>
        </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/marianogoldman">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/959563?v=4" width="100;" alt="marianogoldman"/>
            <br />
            <sub><b>Mariano Goldman</b></sub>
        </a>
    </td>
    <td align="center">
        <a href="https://github.com/crnkovic">
            <img src="https://avatars.githubusercontent.com/u/6536260?v=4" width="100;" alt="crnkovic"/>
            <br />
            <sub><b>Josip Crnković</b></sub>
        </a>
    </td></tr>
</table>
<!-- readme: contributors -end -->

## AS-IS Clause

YEET CORE is provided "AS-IS" and without any warranty of any kind, whether express, implied or statutory, including but not limited to the warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and non-infringement. The entire risk as to the quality and performance of YEET CORE is with you. Should YEET CORE prove defective, you assume the cost of all necessary servicing, repair, or correction.

In no event shall the author of YEET CORE be liable to you or any third parties for any damages arising out of or in connection with the use or inability to use YEET CORE, including but not limited to damages for loss of profits, business interruption, or loss of data, even if the author of YEET CORE has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

By using YEET CORE, you agree to indemnify and hold harmless the author of YEET CORE and any contributors to YEET CORE from and against any claims, actions, or demands, including without limitation reasonable legal and accounting fees, arising from or related to your use of YEET CORE or your violation of these terms and conditions.

## License

[MIT](LICENSE) © [ARK Ecosystem](https://ark.io)
